Bulk Rename Utility
Copyright© TGRMN Software

Bulk Rename Utility 
End-User License Agreement

This is a license agreement between you, a final user of computer
software, and TGRMN Software (hereinafter "TGRMN", "TGRMN Software" or
"TGRMN Software Company"). 
Please read carefully the following terms and conditions before using
this software. Unless you have a different license agreement signed by
TGRMN Software your use of this software indicates your acceptance of
this license agreement and warranty. Installing and using Bulk Rename
Utility signifies acceptance of the terms and conditions of this
license agreement. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions
of this license agreement you must remove Bulk Rename Utility files
from your storage devices and cease to use the product.

* Usage *
Bulk Rename Utility is free of charge for personal, private use, at
home. To use Bulk Rename Utility for or within a business entity,
company or commercial environment and/or for commercial purposes, or
within government departments or agencies, a commercial license is
required for each computer where Bulk Rename Utility is installed. The
commercial licenses can be purchased from our website
http://bulkrenameutility.co.uk 
One commercial license is required for each computer where Bulk Rename
Utility is installed. You may access Bulk Rename Utility through a
network, provided that you have obtained individual licenses for the
software covering all the computers that will access the software
through the network. For instance, if 10 different computers will
access Bulk Rename Utility on the network, each computer must have its
own commercial license, regardless of whether they use Bulk Rename
Utility at different times or concurrently. 

Academic Use: the Bulk Rename Utility academic license allows educational
institutions and their members (students, faculty, and researchers) to use
the software for non-commercial, academic, and research purposes. This
license is restricted to faculty, staff, and students of educational
institutions. The Software may not be used for any commercial purpose
under this license. One academic license is required for each computer
where Bulk Rename Utility is installed. The academic licenses can be
purchased from our website: http://bulkrenameutility.co.uk

Home Use: Bulk Rename Utility is free of charge for personal, private use
at home. To unblock all the features of the software and to support
software development, a home license can be purchased from our
website. A home license unblocks all the features of the software and
covers personal, private use at home for non-commercial purposes.

* Disclaimer of Warranty *
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY TGRMN SOFTWARE "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL TGRMN SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Because of the various hardware and software environments into which
Bulk Rename Utility may be used, NO WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE IS OFFERED. 
Good data processing procedure dictates that any program be thoroughly
tested with non-critical data before relying on it. The user must
assume the entire risk of using Bulk Rename Utility.

* Copyright and Trademark Rights *
The Software is owned by TGRMN Software. This Agreement does not grant
you any intellectual property rights in the Software. TGRMN Software
owns Copyright and all Intellectual Property Rights to the Software
and to any copies made of the Software.

* Restrictions *
You agree not to modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer,
decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source
code of the Software. You may not use, copy, modify or transfer copies
of the Software except as provided in this licence. You may not
decompile, disassemble, or create derivative works based upon the
Software. You may not modify, adapt, translate, or create derivative
works based upon the written documentation. You may not sub-license,
rent, lease, sell or assign the Software to others. All explicitly
non-granted rights are reserved. 
This license is provided personally to you and for that reason it does
not allow you to make any duplicate (copy) to be sold, borrowed,
assigned, leased or transferred in any manner whatsoever to another
person. Any transfer executed in violation of this provision shall be
deemed invalid and constitute a reason for termination of your license
validity.

* Governing Law *
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in
accordance with the internal substantive laws (and not the laws of
choice of laws) of South Australia, Australia, without giving effect
to the conflict of laws provisions. Sole venue shall be in the
applicable state and federal courts of South Australia.
